Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon again.
Doesn't she look so beautiful today?
I got her a new shirt and she was excited.
I told her, I said, 'I love the way you look today, baby.
Y'all fixed up for the camera.
' We want to talk to y'all about what's going on, and we're so excited about the video we have for you today.
Last time I talked to you all about the things I saw about Donald Trump's son, and we went over all that.
It's an urgency, but there was more to what the Lord showed me about praying for President Trump and his marriage.
I saw an attack against his marriage.
You can even see their body language and things that are going on with that, and the Lord said, 'Pray for his marriage.
' So, that was another thing that I didn't bring up last time because it was so much.
But in my prayer time this week, I've tried to do these live videos all week long, but we've been so busy.
I told Diana, 'I've got to get a video out at least on Thursday,' and I apologize, folks.
It's been wild.
The things I've seen praying this week have been amazing, but they're not for you all.
It's a lot of private things that the Lord is talking to us about—our ministry, what we're doing, Him just instructing us, and we're growing in our walk.
It's just amazing.
I told Dee, 'I wish I could go on here and tell them what's going on, but the Lord told me it's private.
' So, where we're at right now with some of the things that I've seen, I can give you parts of some of the things I've seen this week.
Everything I've warned you all about 2027, and I see a plague.
I told Braden we were talking about these rats running around the ground with this new AI technology.
President Trump had his new technological AI summit today, and he wanted to talk about the advancements of how far America is—farther than anybody else—in the AI movement.
We have the best chips, we have the best computers, we have the best everything.
We're the best.
I told you it's going to be an industrial revolution of what we've never ever seen before, and here we are, we're seeing it.
President Trump is on there telling everybody today, and I told Braden I said, 'My goodness, prophetic words are coming to pass right before our faces.
' Folks, do you understand?
It's happening just like the Lord told us it would: a new industrial revolution, a great new crypto age, and all this stuff.
And he says, 'We're going to beat China.
We're going to be the best.
We're going to be the greatest.
' And everything, and I'm like, 'Okay, that's great.
I'm on board.
Let's go.
Now, Lord, tell me where to invest,' because I know when the Lord told me, 'You can ride the wave.
' If you go back to the last video, 'Ride the wave, Brandon, it's transient.
It won't last forever.
' But this new wave, I saw all the $100 bills.
I saw all this stuff going on with it—housing and all the things that are going to increase.
And the Lord showed me, he said, 'You have a window of what's about to happen.
' In 2027, I saw a plague.
But what I found out was there is a solar and a lunar eclipse.
Braden said it's on the first part of August and the middle part of August for a solar and a lunar eclipse.
Okay, August of 2027.
Right?
Catch this: it's the longest one in a hundred years.
It's the longest one in over a century, folks.
The Bible says He uses the sun, the stars, and the moon to communicate with His people, and I never look at an eclipse as just a coincidence, especially the longest one—six minutes.
Now, that's a weird number.
It's six minutes long.
And I went back and started looking at some old videos.
Paul Begley and others were talking about how there was a Jewish rabbi 800 years ago who gave a prophetic word that said, 'The moment you see the red heifer sacrificed in that year, this will be the year that the Messiah comes back.
' They're talking about doing practice runs on doing the red heifer right now, but this is an 800-year-old prophecy, and we're in the timeframe.
The Lord told me to watch this time we're talking about from the fall.
When are we going to see this red heifer sacrifice if they're doing the practice runs and they're doing this?
It's been prophesied from 800 years ago by an old rabbi telling us to watch this timeframe.
There's only been ten of them in the history of ever doing this, and the last one hasn't been done in over 2,000 years.
I'm just like, 'It's right now.
' And Braden was telling me, 'Dad, this hasn't been done in 2,000 years.
Look at all these amazing things happening in this timeframe right now.
' But it's at the door of the window of the Shmita cycle with the blood-red moon again in August and all the things that I was saying.
I don't know if there's any kind of eclipse before that, but this is the timeframe of a major one—the first one in a hundred years going into October of what I said, the fall of 2027, warning about a major event that may be taking place that will shape things.
And this is another thing: when I'm praying, I hear different pastors and different people saying, 'We need the church to get along.
We've got to walk in love for this next revival.
' I told you all that this goes along with what the Lord showed me about unity in the church for this great revival that's about to take place so that there's no denominational walls with segregation of color—all kinds of things that are just stupid—but Baptists, Methodists, Catholics, all this.
And I thought, 'What's going to take this down?
How are we all going to line up, agree, and be one body moving in this earth?
' I believe it will come out of a major event, a great shaking like the Lord showed me World War II.
We talk about all the time how the women came and everybody came together to make America stand during the war times when our men were sent off to war, but it's bigger than that.
And this is what I thought was interesting because the Lord keeps bringing back Adam's lease.
It's this: whenever the Lord in Genesis told Adam, 'I'm giving you dominion and authority over all My creation.
' This all goes back to He's given man the dominion and authority, and Adam committed high treason, ate the fruit with Eve, and lost it.
But Jesus came back, restored what Adam lost, and took it back from Satan.
He bridged the gap with His blood.
He bridged the gap of what Adam did, and He made it strong again, so that lease is restored back from what Jesus did.
So now we have that window of opportunity, and Adam's lease is still in play because Jesus paid the price and took it back from the devil, right?
So, that lease is over at 6,000 years.
In that 6,000 years, we're in that timeframe.
Some people say 2032, some people think 2027 in this next cycle; it depends on who you're listening to.
And even the Bible talks about how this generation will not pass before the Son of Man returns, and a generation is 80 years from what I understand.
I'm sure I'll have a lot of you correct me if I butcher this, but 80 years.
So, that's in the timeframe of where we are right now—that generation will not pass.
But what I go back to is what the Lord showed me.
He said, 'Brandon, Adam's lease is coming up.
' And he said, 'When Adam's lease is up, I'm giving you a sliver of time.
' Do you remember that video?
I saw the timeline and it was beautiful, and I saw clear back to the beginning of when I saw the earth being created.
I saw everything being done, and he showed me how time has progressed from emperors in Europe and all the things over it.
It went from thousand-year blocks to hundreds to tens, and it was all in front of my face.
And Braden said it was the coolest vision I've ever had.
We all still agree it was the most amazing thing that the Lord ever showed me—the timeframe of humanity—and he said, 'And you're right here.
' All that being said, where you are right now is you're right there.
Adam's lease is coming up, and everything you've ever known is going to change within a 24-hour period.
And I keep thinking about what he said: within a 24-hour period, everything's going to change.
From Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, he said, 'The birthing pains will accelerate.
Things are going to accelerate, but you're about to see something you've never seen before.
' And I'm like, 'What is this?
' And I thought, 'What is going to push us over the edge for this major revival?
A calamity again?
' Maybe.
I believe that the greatest move of God that we're about to see personally, what I'm praying about right now—you all pray with me—is when Adam's lease is completely up, and the restraints that were on that, with God saying, 'I've given you dominion and authority and power over everything, over the birds of the air, the fish of the sea, over the cattle, all over the beasts of the field.
' That lease is up of the 6,000 years, which would lead us into a sliver of time.
All I need is just a few seconds for this revival, for a day is as a thousand years to the Lord, and a thousand years is as a day, and I just need a couple of milliseconds.
All I need is just some nanoseconds for a great revival of time.
I saw a sliver, and it was as thin as a hair in the spirit realm.
Do you remember what I told you all?
I saw as thin as a hair, and in that thinness of a hair, even if it's just for a couple of months, a year, whatever, then the greatest move of God we've ever seen before, and then the catching away of the church, and it steps right into the seven-year tribulation, which goes right into the thousand-year reign.
It's exciting.
We could be right back-to-back.
Like he said, the birthing pains, like I told you when Diana read Maurice Sklar's vision, he said, 'The birthing pains will not stop.
They will increase.
But I'm giving you, because the church has prayed, the balance of the prayers on that scale I saw, a red scale, balanced out.
' And he said, 'I'm giving my church time for the greatest harvest.
' And he said, 'For there are scrolls that Satan does not know, the end-time scrolls, but in this, I'm promised a revival, this sliver of time.
' That's all he needs.
That's all he needs to walk in a way that we've never seen before, to see miracles in a way we've never seen before, to see lives changed.
When I saw the angel armies and the angel reserves, do you all remember that?
I saw the barns and I saw the edge of heaven.
And the Lord said, 'I'm sending two angelic hosts per unbeliever to ward off the demonic spirits, Brandon, in this window so that they will be able to see.
' Remember, the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
He said, 'I'm taking off the restraints.
I'm taking them off, giving them an opportunity uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force so they are able to see and make a decision without any kind of demonic force holding them back, so they're freely able to—no blinders from the devil.
They're able to say, 'You know what?
I really want to choose Jesus today,' or 'You know, I don't want to.
' But either way, you choose.
' So, we were praying last night in our own family prayer time, and the Lord showed up big time.
It was glorious.
I tell you what, I saw Judas.
The Lord allowed me to see Judas and what he looked like.
And I saw Judas walking around with the Lord, and the Lord showed me his ministry on the earth.
And I had the greatest glimpse of Jesus's ministry and what he did when he said, 'Be thou made whole.
' I saw what it meant to be made whole.
It was spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally—everything that the woman with the issue of blood needed.
She spent all she had for 12 years but rather grew worse in her infirmity.
She was sick but rather grew worse, spending all she had.
But when he said, 'Daughter, your faith has made you whole,' her faith didn't just heal her; her faith made her whole.
And everything she had lost through those 12 years of infirmity, spending all she had, was restored back to her in that moment.
The Lord blessed her financially—I saw great blessing.
And Judas had the pouch of money.
And there was—I'm telling you, she was made whole, not just in her body, but everything the cankerworm had eaten, God said, 'I restored it back to her.
' Ladies and gentlemen, God is a God of restoration.
And what the devil means for bad, God will turn it around for good if you believe Him.
In these last days, you're about to see the unthinkable, the exceedingly, abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
I'm talking supernatural things are about to take place in the body of Christ, and He's going to restore back everything the devil has stolen from you.
And He owes you back double for your trouble.
It's time to believe Him for double for your trouble.
It's time to believe Him for the big things.
And the Lord showed me that when you get the anointing, when you get the presence of God on your life, people are attracted to it like moths to a light, and blessing flows.
Blessing flows.
Favor flows.
You'll get favor when you least expect it.
If you walk into a place and they say, 'You know what?
I just want to help you out,' God said, 'Expect favor in the most unlikely places.
' Favor is going to start to follow you because the glory is on you.
As you walk in these last days, you're going to have a favor that is going to open doors that no man could open, because the glory opened the door.
And there's going to be favor such that no man can shut it, no door that any man can shut.
The favor of the Lord is going to rest on you in these last days.
And favor is coming from—the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
I want you to hear what the Bible says: 'For the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
' But it's because the glory is on you.
It's because the anointing and the presence of the Lord is on you.
And favor follows those that believe.
A day of favor is worth a thousand days' labor.
You can believe God for the exceedingly abundantly in these last days, folks, and I'm telling you, it's going to show up, and God's going to show up and show off in your life.
The seed that the sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand, and you're going to walk in an abundance like you've never walked before if you don't deny it.
Well, what is it for?
It's to establish His covenant with you.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm establishing my covenant with my people.
Even more so, whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
Seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
' If you sow, you reap.
It's part of the process.
'Well, I sowed it; I don't really want to reap it.
' Well, then it's not biblical what you said; it's law.
If I sow into the ground, no matter what kind of seed it is, it will produce if I water it and take care of it.
So, we water it and take care of our spiritual seeds.
But that's not just about financial blessing; it's about having a good marriage, it's about having good children.
It's about having an inheritance for your children's children's children.
He owns the cattle on a thousand hills.
He said he would provide for his people.
Now this is what I saw coming with this financial harvest.
I saw boats in a river, and the river was moving just a little bit in this vision.
And I saw the boat, and there were some people on this boat, and they were fishing with some fishing poles.
It was symbolic; they were bringing in the fish a little at a time.
The fish were coming up, and they were throwing them on the deck of the boat.
They were rejoicing over the little fish that they caught, and they were like, 'Oh yeah, good.
High five.
You caught a fish.
We got one born again.
Good job.
High five.
' Everybody was high-fiving each other.
But as they were faithful with little, I saw what was about to take place: old rivers of revival, old anointings of salvation from John Wesley and Billy Graham and all these greats were going to come on the people in the days ahead.
And he said, 'Brandon, a great soul-winning anointing is coming on my bride, and I'm going to bring in this harvest.
' And it wasn't just a little boat anymore; I saw shrimping boats, major boats floating down this river, and they let out the nets.
And he said, 'Let out my nets.
' Just like he told Peter that day whenever he was out fishing and he threw the net over.
He said, 'Lord, we've been fishing all night and we haven't caught anything.
' He said, 'Just do what I tell you to do.
Just be obedient to what I told you to do.
' And I saw Peter throw out the net.
But it was us, a modern-day Peter, sitting in these big shrimping boats.
And we threw out the net, and it was no longer catching them one at a time, but we were catching them by the netfuls.
And these were souls of men.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to make you a fisher of men.
I'm going to make you a fisher in these last days of the greatest harvest we've ever seen before.
' And from bank to bank, this dredge was pulling up all the fish from the bottom of the river, and they were catching them.
And the nets were getting so full that I thought in this vision, 'They're going to break.
These nets are going to break.
' And they were big fish, small fish, tiny skinny fish, all kinds of beautiful fish.
But they were the fish, and they were the harvest.
And as that anointing started to increase, the waves were starting to move and the boat was moving.
But then I saw an ocean, and the waves were really turbulent now.
And the boat was bobbing up and down, but people weren't paying attention.
But there was not just one boat; there was a fleet of boats.
And they were all dragging the nets out in the water.
And the harvest was plentiful, but the laborers were few.
There weren't very many out there.
But what laborers were out in the ocean?
They were all catching loads of fish, and the nets of all these boats were pulling these boats almost completely into the water because the weight of the fish was so great.
But there was great turbulence in the water, and the water was sloshing up on these boats, and I could see there was a great storm up in the sky.
But on the horizon, I could see the dawning of time again.
And the Lord said, 'You're running out of time.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, Brandon, but there's going to be a great harvest.
' And I saw the fish coming in.
And it reminded me of the bells.
If you remember the vision of the bells, I saw the bells.
And he said to me—I saw the big church, and it was beautiful and glorious.
This church was what used to be, but I saw tumbleweeds rolling around this church, if you remember.
And I saw there was darkness in the church.
But he said to me, 'Brandon, don't forget the bells, for there's going to be one more sound of a great awakening.
' What do the bells do in the church?
I saw the bells in the steeple of this church tower, and the bells were glowing with the glory of God.
And there were written inscriptions all on these massive church bells, like it was at Notre-Dame or the cathedrals in Paris—massive church bells that were thousand-pound bells, huge bells.
And all of a sudden, that church that was dark began to go, 'Bong, bong, bong, bong,' and it started ringing.
But what was happening was it was sending shockwaves across the land of the glorious gospel waking up the church, and people had their attention drawn to the church bells because they were ringing in their ears.
What was the bell telling us?
That He's giving us one more time, one great harvest of souls before the Lord Jesus Christ comes back.
And the bells of the church are ringing, ladies and gentlemen.
And He's telling you, 'It's time to come back to church.
It's time to come back to church.
' But what was in the church in the last vision?
Wooden pews of oak wood beams.
And there was fire at the altar, and fire on each one of those chairs, and each one of them represented a person that was on fire for Jesus.
And what did He tell you again?
'The babies are coming.
The babies are coming.
' They were dressed in sailor outfits.
They were all out there.
He said, 'But be careful with My babies.
Treat them with respect.
Be patient with them, for I was patient with you when you were a baby.
Train them up, son, for they're coming.
The bells are ringing, the church bells are ringing, and the angel choirs are singing.
' How many of you are ready to be those shrimping boats out in the ocean catching the great harvest because the days are limited here?
We have a little hair sliver of time before the Lord Jesus Christ comes and gets us.
As we see this September come, as we see the fall come and the financial things with this Genesis and all these things being talked about, it's all being set up for the beast system.
And that's why I said it's so important to pray for our leaders.
It's so important to pray for our President Trump.
It's so important to pray for Melania and for their marriage, because why?
Because they're targets.
It's who God chose for such a time as this.
It's the Benjamins.
It's because we are in the last of the last seconds.
And I was reading, and it said Satan is frantic trying to destroy because he knows his days are numbered, and he's vicious and he's roaming around.
He's going crazy, and that's when he's released.
And I'm telling you folks, we're getting ready to step over that tribulation, but that's not for us.
I told you, God's not a wife-beater.
God's coming back for a glorious church without spot or wrinkle.
And I'm telling you, we're not a part of the judgment.
We're not a part of the wrath.
We're not appointed unto wrath; we're His children.
He's up there going, 'Hey, well done, son.
You did good.
You brought many, many of the souls that I've longed for.
' Because He told me, He said, 'Brandon, I've looked forward to these days more than you have.
' And I thought, 'What?
Why?
What are you waiting on?
If you're looking forward to it, why haven't you done it yet then?
Why haven't you started it yet?
If you're looking forward to it, what's holding you back?
Adam's lease, because He could have done it.
' What's the restrainer?
What's restraining the Lord?
Why is He looking forward?
Why are we waiting for something?
What is this Adam's lease?
It has to be.
It's me speaking into it because it's what He's talking to me about.
What is He looking for?
What are we waiting for?
Adam's lease.
But when is Adam's lease over?
During Rosh Hashanah.
It's during the Feast of Trumpets, Yom Kippur, and all these things.
This is the holy days, the high holy days.
I believe that's what we're waiting for—those time frames, because he always talks about from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah to these times.
I don't know, folks.
All I know is I have an anticipation, yes, that this isn't coincidence that he told us he'd give us a window for a harvest.
But my question for you today is, do you know him?
My question is, I've said a lot of cool stuff in all these things, but nothing matters.
As we see Ozzy Osbourne, Black Sabbath, the prince of darkness, all these things that he said, and even in his last thing, I was reading his lips, he said Satan.
He said all these things.
Some people say he might have gotten born again.
I don't know.
I'm not here to judge him.
All I know is, it is appointed unto man once to die.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or in hell.
But you choose every single day.
You can serve Jesus or you can serve the devil.
But it says that no man comes to the Father unless he is drawing them.
That means you feel that tug right now.
You may have that tug.
You may be feeling it.
You may be listening to Diana and me.
She hasn't said much.
But you may be listening to me and you may be saying, "I feel something when you're saying that something.
I feel an itching on the inside of me.
" That's the Holy Spirit.
He's trying to tell you it's your time.
Yes.
It's your choice today.
And you say, "Whom will I serve?
" You say, "Well, Brennan, I've been too messed up.
I've sinned.
I'm into pornography.
I'm into drugs.
I've cheated on my wife.
I've cheated on my husband.
I've done all these terrible things, and there's no way, maybe even murdered somebody.
There's no way you think that God's willing and able to forgive you, but you're wrong.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over every area in every area of your life.
And I'm telling you, there's no sin too great for Jesus to forgive.
The Bible says, 'If you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
' Today is your day for salvation.
Today's your day.
You say, "Well, how do I get saved?
" It's very simple and it's very easy.
He made it so that a five-year-old can get saved, didn't he?
Yes.
If you—what the Bible says, 'with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
' All you have to do is mean it in your heart.
A child can mean it in the heart.
A 100-year-old on their deathbed can sit there and mean something in their heart.
You can just be barely stepping over there, just by the skin of your teeth at the last seconds of your life.
That's why I said I hope Ozzy Osbourne said the sinner's prayer on his deathbed.
I hope he said, "Jesus, I need you.
Forgive me.
" I pray Jesus visited him.
I pray he had an angelic encounter.
I pray that no man...
the Bible says he doesn't want that anyone should perish, but all come to repentance.
God's a good God, ladies and gentlemen, and he loves you.
Rest right where you are.
That's why it says, 'just as I am without one plea.
' Just as I am.
It's just me.
I'm messed up, but I know in my messing up, I need a savior today.
I need Jesus.
I know I can't do this life anymore without him.
I'm at the end of my rope and I'm barely hanging on, and I've got butter on my fingers and it's slipping.
Life is slipping.
And the very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
Do you understand?
No man is promised tomorrow.
You're playing with fire.
If you think, 'Well, I'll come to Jesus maybe later on,' you may not have later on.
This might be your only opportunity right now to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
Do not waste this time that you've been given right now as you're watching this video.
As I talk to you, you could be slipping over tonight when you sleep.
Choose today whom you will serve for eternity.
Who will you serve today?
Either you're going to heaven or you're going to hell.
You say, "Well, I don't believe that.
" Well, that doesn't change it.
Whether you believe it or you don't, that doesn't change it.
Buddha didn't die for you.
Muhammad didn't die for you.
The only person who ever died for you is Jesus Christ.
But he didn't just die.
He rose again on the third day.
And he's at the Father making intercession for you right now as we speak.
Calling you in, "Come on, you can do it.
All you have to do is yield yourself over to me.
" All you have to do is say, "Today is your day.
" He's ready to kill the fatted calf.
You could be the prodigals today.
You could be that prodigal today.
He's waiting on you with his arms wide open, with a robe ready to put it on you, saying, "Welcome home, son.
Welcome home, daughter.
" But all you have to do is get pride out of the way and say, "All I need is Jesus to save me.
" So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me right now.
It doesn't have to be all religious.
It's just something that's just personal.
I told D, God, Jesus is not—it's not about religion.
No, I hate religion, but I love relationship.
Yes, it's about relationship.
Do you understand?
Jesus is a personable God.
He's a friend.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He knows all the things you're hurting.
He knows the depression.
He knows you're ready to give up on life and do self-harm.
He knows everything you're going through.
And it's not coincidence that you're here right now.
But all you have to do is say this prayer and all of that is washed.
It says as far as the east is from the west, he doesn't remember your sins anymore.
He cast them in the sea of forgetfulness.
He has forgiven you as you—he said, 'confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from it.
' So all I want you to do right now is just say this prayer with me.
This is the first step.
This is your first step.
In the comments down below, I want you to tell us, "I got saved today.
I want to be saved.
" But I'm going to say at the count of three, and then we're going to say it.
I want you to make that comment down below.
This is your walking down the front.
Usually they have an altar call and people want you to come forward.
But your coming forward today is writing in the comments down below and telling us, "I want to be saved.
I need Jesus as my Lord and personal savior.
" Today's your day.
But you have to do it in the comments down below.
Don't be ashamed of him.
Be bold.
Yeah, Jesus died publicly for you.
He didn't die privately.
So, you've got to have a public relationship with a God that died publicly for you.
Yes.
But you've got to be bold about it.
And you've got to tell people down below right now, "I want to be saved.
" And I'm going to count to one, two, three.
And at three, I want you to do it.
And I'm going to say the sinner's prayer.
So, one, God's working on your heart.
It's time.
Two, don't wait any more minutes.
Today's your day.
Three, write in the comment section right now.
Write.
Do it.
Stand up inside your house and say, "Today, I want to be saved.
" And get excited about it.
We're rejoicing with you right now as we're saying it.
And now we're going to lead you in the sinner's prayer.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I confess my sins before you, Lord, and I've messed up and I ask you to forgive me.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on sin.
I turn my back on the world, Lord.
And from this day forward, I'll serve you all the days of my life.
From whatever I have left—it may be a hundred, I may live to 100, I may live to 60, I don't know—but whatever I've got left, Lord, it's yours.
It's yours.
I need you, Jesus.
Forgive me.
I love you, Lord.
From this day forward.
" I serve You.
Thank You, Lord, for writing my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank You, Lord, for forgiving me.
I'm Your son, and I want You to be my friend forevermore—or daughter.
Or daughter, yep.
Son for me, a daughter for her, yeah.
And that's it.
As you confessed it, don't you feel that?
He's saying, 'Welcome home.
Welcome home.
You don't have to run anymore.
' There are so many people that have been running for so long, and today is your day to surrender.
It's like the way we lift up our hands, like when they say, 'Freeze!
I surrender.
' That's why we lift up our holy hands: 'Freeze!
I surrender to You, Lord.
' I yield myself completely over to You, Lord.
I need You.
And in that surrender, there's a holiness to it of saying, 'Father, I'm broken.
I can't do this alone.
Fix me.
I lift up my broken toy to You.
I lift up my bicycle.
Whatever it is, your life, fix it, Daddy.
Fix it.
' And He's there, and He picks up that life and He's fixing it all up, making it brand new.
He doesn't remember anything you did in the past.
He said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
' He doesn't remember.
It's washed in His blood.
It's gone.
Now, you may have some issues still.
You may have some baggage from it.
You may say, 'Well, I've still got addictions.
I'm still going through that.
' How do you get over those things, Brandon?
The Bible says you know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
That's the only thing that's ever going to set you free.
Religion is not going to set you free.
Church, if you go to church, church will help you, but ultimately, the pastor, he's just reading this beautiful book called the Bible.
The B-I-B-L-E, that's the book for me.
I stand upon the Word of God.
That Bible, you've got to get that word down inside of your heart, and it will change you from the inside out.
And if you say, 'Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
I can't afford a Bible,' Diana and I, for celebrating you today, will buy you a Bible.
We want to buy you a Bible.
So you say, 'Well, what kind of Bible?
' Well, we usually do New King James, King James, or Amplified usually, or New Living Translation, or NIV.
So if you want one of those Bibles and you can't afford a Bible today, go down in the description down below.
There's an email address on there.
You send us the email and you say, 'I just got born again' in the headline in big letters, and 'I need a Bible.
I can't afford a Bible.
' And Diana will send you one from Amazon absolutely for free here in the United States.
We're going to do that.
I'm telling you, we'll try to do it within the week.
We're working on them.
I just want to tell you, we celebrate with you.
Now, what's the other thing you've got to do?
You've got to read this Bible every single day.
It will change you from the inside out.
You pray and you go to a local, Bible-believing church.
There's a lot of Bible-believing churches out there that are good.
You can go to a church there and tell them, 'I need to be water-baptized.
' Tell them, 'I got saved watching a YouTube broadcast.
I need to be water-baptized.
' And they'll water-baptize you.
Get plugged in there.
Volunteer there.
Come and watch us.
And that's the Christian walk, folks.
It's a process.
And every time you fall, you brush yourself off, just like you do with a toddler.
A toddler—I was telling you all about how babies need extra care.
And you're a child right now; you're just a baby.
And you grow by the meat of the word, getting the meat.
You drink the milk and you get the meat.
And the more you do that, the stronger you become.
And when the devil tries to remind you of what you messed up on, you remind him of his future.
Say, 'Guess what?
Time's running out, sucker.
And you're about to burn for eternity.
You may be reminding me of my past, but I'm going to remind you of your future.
And you've got a long way to go, buddy.
You're going to burn for eternity.
My little short window of mess-ups for how many years is nothing compared to your millions of years of burning.
So, how's that?
' You know, I don't know, whatever.
I just want to rejoice with you.
When you fall down, you run to God.
Yeah, when you mess up, you don't run from God when you sin; you run to God when you sin.
And when you confess it, it's not when He found out about it; that's when you got rid of it.
It's not when He found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
So you confess it, you move on, and you don't camp there.
Remember that.
Father, we lift up this body before You, and we thank You, Lord, for this video today.
We thank You, Lord, for all the people who got saved today.
We thank You, Lord, there was an expiration date to their sin.
There's an expiration date to their sickness, to their disease.
Because as we are Your children, Father, You paid the price for all of us to walk in victory over all of it.
No matter what it was, no matter what bound us, Father, You came to set the captives free over every area of our life.
I thank You, Father, for Your body right now.
We take this body and we thank You, Lord, that You forgive us.
We confess our sins, we've done all that, but God, You are a healer also now.
And as we believe, we receive what You did for us on that cross.
We receive deliverance and healing in the name of Jesus, and no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name, and we lift it up before You, Father, and we thank You, Lord, for Your healing power that flows on the inside of us, and we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost from the top of our head to the soles of our feet in Jesus' name.
I take the blood and I apply the blood over all of us.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
We make much of the blood; the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus all around us, all on us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we're covered by the blood.
And we thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, that You've forgiven us and cleansed us from all unrighteousness in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Everybody say, 'Amen.
' It's exciting.
We got you some new water.
Somebody sent us these big waters from Amazon to our box.
Wasn't that nice?
We got these little ones, and they got us these big gulps.
Yeah, whoever did that, thank you.
That's good for prayer.
Yeah, praying.
Yeah, straight from Amazon.
They came right to our box.
Isn't that nice of them?
And that's like, I don't know, so many people are so kind.
Yes, they're so kind, such sweethearts.
33.
8 fluid ounces, that's a lot.
They didn't even put one quart, one liter, yeah, one liter, right, yeah.
So they saw that we drink it, and because I told them it's my favorite.
Yeah, I said, 'It's my favorite one.
' Somebody just being nice.
I said, 'Wasn't that a blessing?
' I just, I don't know, things like that, it's the little things when you're having a hard day.
It's been a rough week, and then you go through things and you go, 'Thanks.
' Kindness goes a long way.
Yeah, it does, it does, when they don't have to.
No, they just do it just to be like a surprise—like, 'Surprise, I got your water.
' And you're like, 'Oh, thanks, it's a blessing.
Thanks for that water.
I'm so grateful for even the little waters.
' You know, Jesus said, 'If you give a cup of water unto the least of these, you've done it unto Me.
' I feel I'm the least of these; they gave me a drink of water.
I'm so thankful.
If you give it to the least of these, you gave it to Him.
You gave it to Him today.
I'm so thankful for Him.
I'm thankful for what He did, and I'm thankful that He's coming back again.
Yes.
Aren't you?
Could we really be that close, Diana?
It's so exciting.
Could we just be so close to getting ready for him to come back?
I know we've talked about it a lot, especially in this household.
I think that's all my kids know is about the tribulation, about end times.
My son's an expert.
We talk about it a lot.
He probably knows that better than math.
I'm just saying, because that's just a way of life for us.
But just to think that it could be really that close.
Could we really be—I know what he says, but wow.
The reality of it, the reality of that.
That's the part, that's the reality.
It's reality.
I told Diana, 'Jesus was really a man that was here and we're about to see him.
' Yeah, I see him in visions and I have these encounters, but to touch him like this, I just bawl my eyes out like, 'You're real.
I can touch you.
It's real.
' Oh my gosh, you've heard him, and he has spoken to you, led you, and guided you, has his hand on you, and he's kept you.
Then you get there.
And I think about it all the time lately, especially whenever I'm in prayer.
By myself, I'll just picture myself being there in his presence and I just go, 'Oh, it's you.
It's really happening.
Finally, it's finally happened.
' That moment, the day that I've dreamed about, and you'll meet him face to face, and it's coming, and it will happen.
What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus!
We'll sing and shout the victory.
When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
Remember how someone sings the harmonies?
'When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory.
' It's so real.
When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be.
When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory.
Thank you, Lord.
You're coming so soon.
Oh, hallelujah!
Every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus is Lord.
Every knee will bow.
It's going to be wonderful, and a thousand-year reign.
I was reading that in Revelation this week.
I kept stopping, pausing, and thinking about what he was saying.
The dead in Christ will rise, and all this amazing stuff about the thousand years, and the people who died as martyrs during the tribulation will rise for the thousand years and have flesh.
I was thinking, 'Wow, man, it's going to be glorious.
Wow.
' So, I just want to say to everybody who came out today, thank you.
Every one of you that came out today to listen, to click on our videos, to be a part of it, thank you.
Diana and I are just people just like you are, but we are very guarded.
We're very guarded.
So, I don't ever want to come across rude to you.
If you come to me in public, or if you come to church or whatever and you say, 'Well, you're rude to us,' it's not ever our intention to be that way to you.
But I'm going to tell you this: I walk in a very strong gift about knowing what's coming.
And the Lord will warn us about things ahead of time.
And he'll tell us, 'This is what's coming today, and you need to know.
' And there are certain times that I've been instructed by the Holy Spirit to act the way I've acted that day.
And you may not agree with it, and it's not for you to agree, but I'm there to protect my children and my wife, and I'll do that at all costs.
And if the Lord says, 'I want you to go home early today.
Do not talk to anyone.
Get in the car and go,' and I say, 'Well, why?
' 'It doesn't matter.
I asked you to do something.
' Well, some people say, 'Well, you're showboating.
You have an attitude.
' Whatever.
That's never our heart, ever.
My heart is always to walk in love with folks, but I obey the Lord at all costs.
Because I've been there and been stupid and didn't obey, and it cost me something.
It cost me something.
He says, 'I want you to come late and leave early.
No fellowship today.
' And I said, 'Okay.
' Well, I don't understand why, but you don't.
But a child who asks why usually gets a spanking.
It's like that prophet in the Bible where the Lord told him, 'When you go back home and you travel that way, don't eat.
Don't stop and eat with anyone.
' And then the older prophet convinced him to stop and eat with him, and then he got eaten by lions on his way home because he disobeyed.
He disobeyed.
God is not a God of disobedience.
And that's why I'm learning there's a price for the anointing.
Everything with the Lord, I've learned, and what I'm walking out with, is a slow cooker.
And people laugh at that all the time, but it's not a microwave.
Most people don't want to pay the price for it.
They want you to lay hands on them so that you impart the anointing into them and get a shortcut.
But the Lord told me, 'Brandon, there are no shortcuts when it comes to the anointing.
There are no shortcuts into gifts.
You're not going to have a shortcut in it.
' And even whenever I instruct somebody to do that, it comes as a seed.
It comes as a seed.
And you have to cultivate that seed with the water of the word, feeding it with scripture, feeding it with drinking of the Holy Spirit, worship, doing all things.
There's no such thing as an instantaneous spiritual, 'I've got it and I'm going to walk in full manifestation like somebody great in the Bible.
' It all comes like Joseph; it all comes through pressure.
It all comes through the refiner's fire.
And there's no shortcuts out of the refiner's fire.
The refiner's fire is what makes us who we are.
And if you think you can bypass the refiner's fire to get there quick, like, 'Don't stop, don't collect $200, go straight to jail,' whatever, you know, Monopoly.
There's no Monopoly for Christianity.
And a lot of people just want somebody to lay hands on them, slap hands on me, let me shake out in the Holy Ghost, feel an impartation so I can see, I can do this.
And the Lord said, 'It cheapens it, for this cost you a lot, Brandon.
This cost you a lot.
' And I said, 'What do you mean, Lord?
I didn't pay for nothing.
' He said, 'Your time with me, sacrifice of what I've told you to do in obedience, dying to self, cleaning bathrooms, where you had to die to pride.
' And that was your biggest mission, Megan, because you attract to deflect.
And as long as you do that, it's a process.
And you'll never get into the greater realms of the glory and the anointing until you go through the process.
And there's no shortcut, and the process is not fun.
He said, 'So when people try to pull on it, I gave you this gift and it's not for you to give.
' He's the gift-giver.
He said, 'You don't give gifts away, son.
I give the gift, and I'm willing to give it to any one of my children if they ask.
But it takes a process of pressure on the seed, or the coal, to make a diamond.
If you escape the process of the cocoon, the pressure on the caterpillar that turns it into that beautiful butterfly...
he's pushing against that cocoon.
If you eliminate the cocoon, the butterfly will die because it's the pressure that builds the strength in the wings to make him fly.
And he'll never become a great monarch butterfly without the pressure of the cocoon.
' And the Lord said, 'A lot of people only want the touch because they think it will bypass the process of the pressure of the potter's wheel.
' And he says, 'Don't cheapen the gift.
It's beautiful if you go through the process.
' He told me, 'Brandon, it's beautiful if you go through the process, but people don't like the process.
' But every person in the Bible, David went through a great process to walk in the kingly anointing where he was called to walk.
But he didn't touch the anointing on Saul.
He honored him even when Saul was trying to kill him.
And the Lord showed me the whole process.
He was in the backside of the desert hiding, trying so he didn't want to die.
Saul was trying to kill him all the time, throwing harpoons at him and everything else, trying to wipe him out.
And David's on the backside, going, "I'm going to honor him.
I'm going to pray for him.
" And it's a process because I'm sure David's like, "I want to cut that guy's head off," but inside he says, "I'm going to honor him.
Touch not the anointed.
Do my prophets no harm.
I'm going to honor him.
" And he's out there on the backside.
Joseph is in the pit, "This lady accused me of raping her.
I didn't touch her, Lord.
" And he's in there, but he feared God and said, "I'm not going to curse him with my mouth.
" He could have, but he feared God.
But it was the process before he was second-in-command of all of Egypt.
But it was a process.
If he would have been up there going, "I got a prophet's anointing, and they laid hands on me, and I bypassed the pit, and I got straight to the palace," would he have had the character to handle the palace?
No, the palace would have destroyed him.
It was the process of the pit to the prison to the palace that made him who he was, to be great, to be able to get in front of the Pharaoh.
But most people don't want to do that.
They don't.
And the Lord showed me that, and He said, "It's never yours to do.
" And He said, "Brandon, never ever allow that to happen.
Never allow that to happen.
" I receive a lot of corrections on things sometimes, folks, and I'm learning myself because you think, "Oh, yeah, you have compassion.
You want to help folks," but the Lord said, "In you trying to have compassion, you're trying to out-think me, and I know better than you.
" And that's pride.
That's pride.
That's arrogance.
And God resists the proud, and He gives grace to the humble.
And bottom line is, He showed it to me like this: I saw a Ferrari, and the daddy let the son that was mature enough have the Ferrari.
And the Ferrari was beautiful, and the son looked so good in it.
He's driving around in Tulsa, cruising.
Everybody's going, "Boy, he has a nice Ferrari.
" And all he's doing is he's driving around in his dad's Ferrari.
It never was his Ferrari in the beginning, but he couldn't give that Ferrari key to somebody else and say, "Here, you can drive my Ferrari," because the Ferrari didn't belong to him.
It was really polished.
It was really shiny.
And everybody likes the Ferrari.
But the Ferrari cost him something because he was the son, and he sat with his daddy for a long time.
And he trusted him because he was mature enough to handle it at 21, 22 years old.
Because you don't give a 15-year-old a Ferrari.
A Ferrari is for someone who is mature, because a car is...
it's a multi-million dollar car, you know, and you're not going to give that car to a kid that's going to wreck it and be stupid in it.
But you give it to a kid that you know is mature and can handle that Ferrari, and "I love him, and I'm going to let him borrow it for the weekend.
" And so you get out there and everybody's like, "Can I borrow the Ferrari?
" "No, it's not my Ferrari to give you.
" And it's not just about the Ferrari; it's about endangering his own life, right?
Because if he gives it to a person who's not ready for it, and they step on the gas and they drive it real fast, they run into the side of a building and they kill themselves, you're responsible for it now because what happened?
You gave them the keys to the Ferrari, and they weren't ready for it.
And the Lord told me, He said, "That's a lot about spiritual giftings.
It's shiny and everybody wants it, but they're not qualified for it yet, or I'd give them the keys.
I don't hold anything back from any of those that I love.
" Brandon, He said that.
He said, "I don't hold anything back from the ones that I love.
I'll give them everything if they're willing to pay the price.
It will cost them something.
And as soon as they're willing to pay the price, I'll give them the keys to my Ferrari.
" It's just something so you can relate with it.
I hate relating spiritual gifts to a car, but it's something that everybody looks at—supercars and houses or whatever that's a big deal to folks.
But it's trying to put it in simple terms so you understand the way He created us to understand.
Yeah, it's easy to understand.
And that's the way He talked to me about things.
And He said, "It's not that you're better.
It's not that you're more holy.
It's not that you're more qualified.
I mean, you know, you're more qualified at the time.
It's just because you spent more time and you matured enough that I knew you were able to handle it.
So enjoy the Ferrari, but know that it's not yours.
It's not yours.
And you can't give away what doesn't belong to you.
You're just borrowing it.
" And I said, "Lesson learned.
Lesson learned.
Forgive me.
And I thank you, Lord, that you show me grace as I mature in what you've given me, because everybody's real interested in the seeing part.
They all think it's real neat.
Brandon, you see so much.
Brandon, you hear so much.
" But it took a process.
I didn't do this at the beginning.
And you can't make it happen, and I can't make it move.
Even if I try, you can't even try.
He controls it.
It's like the Lord told me, He said, "The only time your gift is pure and works perfectly, Brandon, is when you're underneath the anointing in worship, and you worship and the glory comes, and I'll let you see.
And if you don't want to be snared by a familiar spirit, do not try to look over like that without Me.
" You know what I'm saying?
Apart from Me, you can do nothing.
And that's what the Lord showed me.
Jesus said, "I only do what I hear my Father tell me to do.
I only say what I hear my Father tell me to say.
" And I realized it wasn't something cute He was saying like, "Oh, well, Jesus is just a good old Jesus.
" He feared the Lord.
He reverenced and honored Him, and He realized the anointing that was on Him without measure came with a price.
And it wasn't His to yield by Himself, even as the Son of God.
He was yielded strictly and directly to Him.
And He was completely acting to deflect it always to the Father.
Even whenever He was wall-to-wall, He was without measure.
He's the Son of God.
He was attracting with the glory to get the people in to deflect it.
And He said, "I do nothing without my Father.
It's all about Him, the Most High.
I'm His son, and it's all about Him, the Most High.
" Jesus attracted to deflect, and the Holy Spirit will do the same thing.
The Holy Spirit always deflects the glory to the Father.
It's always about the Father.
Even with the Holy Spirit, no matter how shiny the gift is, no matter how beautiful it looks, it's always to bring the lost in.
All we do...
it shouldn't be a big deal about healing and deliverance.
The deliverance and the healings and all the things that are about to take place in these end times is to attract the sinner like a moth to a light.
They're attracted to the glory to deflect them to the Father to get them saved so they don't burn in hell forever.
But it's never about you.
How many people you raise from the dead in the days ahead, how many people get out of the blinded eyes or ears or whatever—it's to attract, to get the unsaved.
It's a tool.
It's like a hammer to a carpenter.
It's to attract, to deflect them to Jesus.
And as long as you do that and you don't try to take the Ferrari and pretend it's yours, you'll be just fine in what's coming.
Always stay small in your own eyes.
If you start getting big in your own eyes, He'll take those keys away and He'll say, "You can't drive my car today, buddy.
You have a timeout for a couple of days.
" And that's what happened to me.
I've had it.
And you sit and go, "Oh my goodness, forgive me.
" And even with "forgive me" there, it's like he said, "Brandon, I do this because I love you.
" He said, "Brandon, a lot of times if a plane deviates off course just by a couple of inches, over time it goes and goes and you're way off course.
But if God can jerk the slack out of that plane and make it go straight, and say, 'Listen, you're going the wrong way,' it isn't because God's mad.
He ain't.
That's what correction does.
It keeps you on course.
Because if you deviate off of a course—if you're on the way to Los Angeles and you take that off-heading just a little bit on that plane, you're going to end up going to Cuba.
I mean, you know what I'm saying?
Or wherever, and you're going, 'Where are we at?
' We just got off course just a little bit, and the next thing you know, over a course of time, we're in Cuba and we're supposed to be in Jacksonville.
And you're going, 'What happened?
' Does that make sense?
And that's what the Lord told me.
He says, 'I come and I correct very sternly to you because if much is given, much is required.
Where much is given, much is required.
And the more you go up from glory to glory to glory, the more much is given, much is required.
' And the rope gets shorter, you know.
And I said, 'I don't know who that was for, but I was supposed to say it.
' And I pray it blessed you.
But I felt in my heart the Lord said to say that part of it.
Well, I think that's good enough for today.
I pray this video blessed y'all.
I really do.
Diana and I love you.
We pray for you all the time.
Thank you for joining us.
Let's pray a little prayer.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for every single one of them.
Father, I bless them today.
And I call them healed and whole and well.
We thank you, Lord, that you've delivered them.
You've set them free.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, they walk in divine health.
They walk in what you have for them.
Father, for you said that you withhold no good thing from your child.
Father, you've given us all things richly to enjoy.
That's health, finances, blessing.
Our marriage is good.
Our children are healthy.
They're loving the Lord.
We have an inheritance as the children of God.
And I thank you, Father, that today they walk in the fullness of what God has for them.
Let there be no more delay.
Father, I thank you that the sowers and the reapers are going hand in hand, and that whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out, and everything they touch, Father, will have Miracle-Gro soil.
I thank you, Father, that it will no longer be seed, long time, and harvest, but it will be seed-harvest.
Father, that the sowers and the reapers go hand in hand.
This is a time of accelerated seedtime and harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that whatever they're believing for—healing, demonstrations, manifestations of the glory—I thank you, Father, that it's a process of where we are right now, that we're going to see it to draw all men to you, Father, that you get all the glory, that you get all the honor, and you get all the praise.
And everything we do, in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
And I thank you, Father, that that's where we stay.
That's our plumb line.
That's our plumb line in faith, so we don't deviate off course.
In all we say, and in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
None of me and all of you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's our bloodline.
And we keep our eyes on you today.
We keep our hearts towards you today.
And we give you praise and glory.
And we thank you, Lord, that the best is yet to come.
And we thank you, Lord, that the unsaved are becoming saved by the billions.
I'm not going to even say millions anymore.
I'm going to say billions.
And the greatest harvest of souls is just right at our door.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the word today.
We thank you, Lord, for your time.
We thank you, Lord, that you just visit us and your presence was so sweet today.
Thank you, Lord, for the salvations of everyone that got saved, and we give you praise and honor and glory.
And we call people's lives restored and everything the cankerworm has eaten.
Father, I call back double what the enemy stole, in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, that it's in this lifetime now.
'Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
' We're not believing for five years from now.
We're calling it in now, that everything in this year, by the end of 2025, everything that the cankerworm ate, we will have it restored back to us double in Jesus' name.
Double for our trouble, in Jesus' name.
Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we thank you, Father, for this time.
And we just thank you for this day.
Amen and amen.
Amen.
Isn't he wonderful?
He is.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
He has such a plan for every single one of you.
And it's nothing bad, I can tell you that.
God's a good God, and the devil's a bad devil, ladies and gentlemen.
He has a good plan for your life to prosper you and to give you an expected end, a great future, yes, to live long and finish strong.
That's what I believe for us—to live long and finish strong.
Well, if you could help us, could you help us today?
What does this man want now?
Does he want my money?
No, I don't want any money.
I want you to subscribe.
Isn't that easy?
Click that little subscribe button.
That's what we want.
Please click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, like this video, because I've got people that just wait for the video to be released and they click thumbs down.
They don't even watch it.
That's what I said.
I said, 'Why are they doing that?
They don't even watch the video.
' Braden said, 'The moment that you uploaded it, Daddy, they just clicked that they didn't like it.
' I said, 'Well, they don't like me then.
' But I said, 'That's all right.
I pray that you would like it.
I pray that you would click the thumbs up, click the subscribe, do all the things you can to help us to get the gospel out and tell people that Jesus loves them.
' That's all it's about here.
Freely we've been given, freely we give it out, folks.
And we are just here to tell you Jesus loves you and he's coming back soon.
Thank you for helping us.
That's all we ask.
All these people saying they're asking for—what is it?
What do they call—you said you got how many scammers this week?
Impersonators.
Yeah, there's a lot of impersonators.
It's been a lot today.
Yeah, we never, ever will private message anyone.
We're not on WhatsApp, we're not on Telegram.
And there's people on YouTube that use our profile picture and they'll find ways.
What is the new thing today, though, is why I'm saying that.
They said they call it the family channel, 'The Family of the Last Days' or something.
It's some stupid account, and I told them, I said, 'That's—' and they're asking, 'Family of the Last Days' is asking you to give them money.
That is not me.
And I had people screenshot it and send me pictures, and it's been more than one, though, several people.
So just know that we're not on WhatsApp, we never will be, and we're not on Telegram, and we never will be.
And we will never, ever, ever message you or ask you for anything.
I do not give financial advice.
No.
Anything I ever say is my opinion, and that's not for you ever to do.
These people are trying to tell you to invest in stuff; that's not me.
And as soon as we go after them and ban them, they just create a new one.
It's like the saying goes: if the devil can't get you, he'll keep you busy.
That's exactly what it feels like; we're always trying to put out the fires.
I told her, 'We just don't have time to do it anymore.
' So just be aware of that, and if you see them, report them and just know that it's not us.
All of our social media links are always in the description below.
If you don't find the social media link in that description, it's not us.
People will also go on Facebook, Instagram, and TikTok, and they'll create accounts and impersonate us over there, too.
So just be aware that if it's not here directly on this channel, make sure this is the correct YouTube channel.
If you see it in the description, that's us.
We always have verification checkmarks.
We just want to love on y'all and tell y'all, 'God bless y'all.
' Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.